Hey Chu Long
You are here too
how
You know him?
Nonsense, can I not know my husband?
Your husband
And do you have any questions?
The emperor said a few days ago that he would take the princess
Betrothed to me
What betrothed you
You are also worthy. Didn't you say you are a concubine?
They don't recognize you?
You are not allowed to question what the emperor says
Dong Ying, right?
Stop dreaming
The only person I like is Chu Long
This kid offended my Dong General
I will kill you today
Did you see it?
Supreme Sword
Chop first and then play
It's really majestic
I ask what are you doing here?
Brother Shura asked me to join in the fun
What, you want to help him?
Yes, are you blind?
I didn't see the Supreme Sword in my hand
Then let me show you something too
You you
How do you have these big fools?
What do you think the fire phoenix will do here?
Waiting for you to throw yourself into the net
Dong Ying, you are ordered to serve your country without fear of diplomacy
Instead, use power for personal gain
Betray national interests
Tell me what to do.
Stay put.
Move again and I'll kill him